Book containing wisdom over a self-reflective venture through time.

Start 

I thought to myself one day, "I wonder what it's like in other cities." I thought of the food, the colorful buildings, the gray, black, and white scales of civilization and the people who would surely be different than me. Exhausted of thinking about this I began to think of the many other things even past that city: more cities. I thought of the people and things and places and activities I would find there. Maybe the climate would be different. Then I went beyond until I asked myself what would happen when there were no more cities left. The beach. The beach full of sand and water and long stretches of waves hitting the coastline. I thought of what I would find along that coastline. Shops and restaurants and people who are always in the water swimming and people who hate where they live and people who love it endlessly. I thought of the crabs and how they would pinch at people. The jellyfishes and the bouncy features of its head. I thought so much until the coastline was boring to me. Then I thought of the ocean. The vast ocean. The bottom of the ocean. The flatness the storms the bipolar weather that sailors must face. I thought of dolphins and whales and fish as far as the eye can see. Could I even see that far in the water. What would it feel like if I was riding a whale. Does Atlantis exist. Do mermaids exist? Did we really come from the ocean? I thought so much until I could think no longer about the ocean. Then I thought of the other coastlines. How many could there be? Hundreds? Thousands? Billions?? I thought of my first experiment but changed everything once more to bizaare things. They grew up differently than  me so they must have much different experiences. They must have a ton of different culture. It was very exciting and I did think of these things for very long periods of time for a long period of time. Then I thought of no more and my brain was flushed with the idea of new cultures here on Earth. I then thought of the sky. How high it is and how low I am compared to it. I thought of what was past the sky… the planets. The planets with their glowfulness. I thought of the stars and our sun. I thought of our solar system and then thought of alien species and of cool time warping and black holes and quasars and time travel and different universes and infinite universes. Different me's doing the same experiment and not doing experiments at all. Me's that died early or me's that lived infinite life through infinite time. Me's in different dimension. 4D. 2D. 8.7D. What would it be like to be stuck between a dimension. I tangented off so many t imes until I could think no more. But then I thought of more. This is what it means to be human. This is what it means to live life and to live it well. I love thinking. 

End
