The grim landscape underneath the citadel seemed almost peculiar in the translucent light that fixated on the battlefield. The marvelous sight of the city no longer held the prominent appearance of the great Dungar, mightiest of all orc cities as it did before, but was replaced with a sinister semblance that shrouded the face of beauty. The birds no longer chirped and the trees no longer grew full in blossom, but the decay and stench, foul to every aspect, grew more unmanageable by the second. Nature itself was dieing. Not even the soil could stand the taint, and held not even a sliver of a chance against the mere wrath of the maniacal sorcery the sorcerer conjured. With bodies toppled upon bodies in front of him that stacked higher by the second the battle was nearing its end. The aroma of the carcasses littered the air as much as they did the ground, for the battle of the ages was at hand, and even though all hope had been lost before the might of the battle, there was still hope to the end of the carnage. Vermillion death.

Deathscream, smiled faintly, for only he knew what would come from his lunacy. He loomed eight feet over the groveling worms beneath him, for that’s all they were to him, maggots burrowing into the ground in fear as if a harsh winter were approaching, and approaching fast. Yet little did he know that what he unleashed upon the world would be known as the end to all peace, a puppet to madness and a stepping stone to their evil plot. Even so, he trans-fixated himself with his grand works; he became ignorant to the battle that was taking place around him. He thought nobody would be madder than he, nobody foolish enough to stand before him and his divine purpose, to try and foil his menacing plot. When all hope had died and the battle seemed at a frightening halt, a different looming figure transcended out of nowhere, Deathscreams’s only living relative, his brother Kaidar. Deathscream’s brother frantically leaped over the vast amount of bodies to reach him. The sorcerer, unsuspecting as he was to his brothers intent to end his madness, looked as if he grew weary from the overuse of his powers. Kaidar was given no other alternative other than to kill his brother. He had tried to reason with him, but when it came down to it he had no choice. Still though, his actions would hold no precursor to what was to come.

Hoping he would get there in time to finish off his brother, he crept closer like the very beast he had become from hunting all of his life; and when he was a couple feet from his brother, he bellowed out an orcish battle cry ancient enough to send fear and doubt amongst his enemies. Hopping over an unlucky troll whose ligaments and bones crackled beneath his flesh, Kaidar drove his war hammer down onto his brother, making his spell falter and cracking a couple bones in the process. The only injury the orc had suffered throughout the battle.

Deathscream, furious to think that there was a soul who tried to end his masterfully crafted plans casted a spell so powerful it shook the very earth they stood on. Kaidar lost his balance and swung his war hammer once more before falling to the ground and almost grazed the power crazed orc, yet he skillfully stepped out of reach from his brother’s hammer this time, one step ahead of him. With a slight movement of his lips and a twitch of his fingers the orc casted a spell to rid himself of his pesky brother. Powerful words muttered under a cahnting breath caused a burst of pain to hinder Kaidar helpless.

“No one person shall stand in my way of glory! No... No one person...” Deathscream belched out in laughter, an awkward laughter that rang through Kaidar’s ears. He saw his brother for the last time, his eyes beamed with distaste and mental illness, but it also could have been from the piercing blue eyes, cold and unrelenting. He no longer seemed even mortal, not like his brother that he thought he knew so well. “Not even you my brother! Yes... Not even you.” Deathscream watched gleefully as Kaidar skin began to peel from his flesh. His brother belched in agonizing pain, for his green skin was being replaced with crimson red flesh that would soon engulf his body in its entirety. Slowly the skin rose off of him and was floating, vibrating over him from the shear force of the spell. Tiny pebbles tremored around them and lifted to join the flaking skin peeling from him. It would only be a matter of seconds until Kaidar was no more. As his vision faded, the maniacal orc swept his gaze away from his brother, no longer amused with his art and onto the battlefield. Nobody would break his concentration anymore. He would finally put an end to the impurities of the world. Deathscream widened his grin and stretched it farther and farther until lunacy took on a whole new aspect, a grin of impurity, and a time of peril. The last words Kaidar heard were his brothers muffled words... “Yes... Yes...”

Then time stopped.

