The endless horde of demons rush toward your small cavalry. The tainted sky plays tricks upon your alert mind. The crimson horizon lies beyond, and you collect images of the past and images of the battlefield. These images become one. Silence falls upon you. However, you are brought  back to reality as you swiftly slice your first orc... the blood splats on your face and you quickly side maneuver and with a single great motion your next enemy is viciously sliced in two. The rippling muscle and veins of your enemies tremble beneath you, but not beneath you and your parties desire to live or to win. You scream your battle cry and your enemies know that it is far more than your will to fight for survival. They know and they see it in your blood crazed eyes... for you fight for all that you stand for. For justice! For peace! For the security of your loved ones and their loved ones to come! You do not succumb to the storm but obtain power to protect, to eradicate any foe who may do harm to the ones you have sworn allegiance to. You see your soldiers drop by the handful. You push yourself to slaughter 10, no... 100... no 10,000 foes for every man you see fall. Your breathing becomes one with your movements, your blade becomes one with your arm, and your self becomes one with the battlefield. You are unrecognizable to the enemy. You are unrecognizable to your allies. The battle feels endless and you lose count of the orcs and goblins you have slain, your body stained with gore. You tear the throat out of your enemy with your bare hands. You continue to enrage with blood-thirst, you seek nothing but the ideals you have sworn,,, sworn to protect... until you come to a spontaneous halt. The enemies have stopped charging and you stand dazed, almost in vertigo. You look through your crazed eyes and see the image of pure fear in your prey. You see bodies piled higher than you stand. However... there was a darker image in its midst... you see the image of your people, flabbergasted at what they see in you. The look on their faces shows you their disgust, their abhorrence for what they see before them. You look down in the pool of dirt and blood surrounding you and see a person smiling. A reflection of joy. Your mind... warped, and you look at the skies and notice that the day has long passed. You bury yourself in your memories for why this has happened. Why this has happened when you set out to protect and secure you and your loved one's futures. You close your eyes. Enemies flood you... they sense your blood-lust... You reason within yourself past the point of all mental, moral, and personal barriers for a second that feels like an eon, and realize your true purpose... and in that second you sacrifice yourself for the cause of something greater... the cause of something much more than you feel you are worth... and as the orcs and goblins flood you in that brief second, they try and defy your greatness... and finally... the world stops.

As you open your eyes the world trembles at what it has created... A new day, a new life, a new world.

Welcome.
